Update release notes for beta3 (#240)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.0.md

- [#188](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/189) - Remove `CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS` from core settings
- [#189](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/189) - Remove all references to `settings.BASE_PATH`

### Fixed

- [#26](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/26) - `nautobot-server runserver` does not work using `poetry run`
- [#58](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/58) - GraphQL Device Query - Role filter issue
- [#76](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/76) - Cable paths could not be traced through circuits
- [#95](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/95) - Plugin load errors under Gunicorn
- [#127](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/127) - SSL error: decryption failed or bad record mac & SSL SYSCALL error: EOF detected
- [#132](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/132) - Generated `nautobot_config.py` did not include a trailing newline
- [#134](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/134) - Missing venv activation step in install guide
- [#135](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/135) - Custom field Selection value name change causes data inconsistency

> - [#137](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/137) - Support Custom Field Name Changes

Reviewer: This was the name of the issue, but the change is to _explicity disallow_ changing the name of a custom field.

Author: LOL yeah I just followed suit by copying the issue title.

- [#227](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/227) - Add QFSP+ (64GFC) FiberChannel interface type
- [#236](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/236) - Add `post_upgrade` to developer docs and add `invoke post-upgrade`

### Changed

Major backwards-incompatible database changes were included in this beta release that are intended are to pave the way for us to support MySQL as a database backend in a future update. Of those changes, these are the most notable:

- All IPAM objects with network field types (`ipam.Aggregate`, `ipam.IPAddress`, and `ipam.Prefix`) are no longer hard-coded to use PostgreSQL-only `inet` or `cidr` field types and are now using a custom implementation leveraging SQL-standard `varbinary` field types
- The `users.User` model has been completely replaced with a custom implementation that no longer requires the use of a secondary database table for storing user configuration.
- Custom Fields have been overhauled for asserting data integrity and improving user experience
    - Custom Fields can no longer be renamed or have their type changed after they have been created.

>     - Choices for Custom Fields are now stored as discrete database objects. Choices that are in active use will block the deletion of their associated custom field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Choices for Custom Fields are now stored as discrete database objects. Choices that are in active use cannot be deleted.
```

- [#120](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/120) - Revise development release checklist document for new processes
- [#128](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/128) - Overview of usage for the `nautobot-netbox-importer` plugin could be mistaken for full instructions
- [#122](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/122) - Improved installation flow for creating nautobot user and virtualenv
- [#131](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/131) - Replaced PostgreSQL-specific ArrayField with a more generic JSONArrayField
- [#142](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/142) - Converted various config validation checks into proper Django checks
- [#149](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/149) - Unify optional settings documentation for `REMOTE_AUTH*/SOCIAL_AUTH*`
- [#159](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/159) - Update documentation for external authentication SSO Backend to get a proper install
- [#180](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/180) - Revised available Invoke tasks for simplicity and maintainability
- [#208](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/208) - Custom fields model refactor

> - [#216](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/216) - Update install docs to address inconsitent experience w/ `$PATH`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [#216](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/216) - Update install docs to address inconsistent experience w/ `$PATH`
```

- [#188](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/189) - Remove `CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS` from core settings
- [#189](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/189) - Remove all references to `settings.BASE_PATH`

### Fixed

- [#26](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/26) - `nautobot-server runserver` does not work using `poetry run`
- [#58](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/58) - GraphQL Device Query - Role filter issue
- [#76](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/76) - Cable paths could not be traced through circuits
- [#95](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/95) - Plugin load errors under Gunicorn
- [#127](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/127) - SSL error: decryption failed or bad record mac & SSL SYSCALL error: EOF detected
- [#132](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/132) - Generated `nautobot_config.py` did not include a trailing newline
- [#134](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/134) - Missing venv activation step in install guide
- [#135](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/135) - Custom field Selection value name change causes data inconsistency

> - [#137](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/137) - Explicitly disallow Custom Field Name Changes

Reviewer 2: Arguably #137 belongs under Changed rather than Fixed.

- [#147](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/147) - Login failed when BASE_PATH is set
- [#153](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/153) - Editing an existing user token shows "create" buttons instead of "update"
- [#154](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/154) - Some tests were failing when run in the development Docker container
- [#155](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/155) - NAPALM driver string not displayed in Platform detail view
- [#166](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/166) - Contrib directory is missing (including the apache.conf)
- [#168](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/168) - Incorrect `AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS` example in remote authentication documentation

> - [#170](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/170) - GraphQL: Filter devices by status

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [#170](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/170) - GraphQL filtering failure returned all objects instead of none
```
